so this is a deluxe suite at the Rio
that is well immediately you see you
have two bathrooms which is kind of neat
this would be an adjoining room if you
want to get two for a family
nice big sitting area big-screen TV
little mini fridge
very nice ceiling fans in every room
huge huge bedroom little Shay's
king-sized true king-size bed not to 3/4
pushed together and of course ceiling
fan another big-screen TV and another
mini fridge in here would you believe
not like you need to refrigerate this
one it's not stocked I asked not to no
need to it here about myself okay
the view out the bedroom and barely see
the ocean but that's okay
spend my day down at the beach anyways
and then into the bathroom there is sort
of a walk-in closet with a safe let safe
is the electronic kind you put your own
password in and in the bathroom nice and
big it has his own shower stall toilet
and Jacuzzi Jets would you believe
window opens out to the pool
so really quite nice let me show you the
balcony in the view so this is up on the
third floor room three two three oh
three nice big balcony lots of room and
here's the view and this is all the
deluxe section so all of those folks
that have paid for the deluxe section
can actually stay in this area there is
a bar right over the far side of the
pool that's open from nine o'clock in
the morning until probably though at 8
o'clock 9 o'clock at night there's a
cigar bar there and a special restaurant
that's only available to the guests of a
deluxe section you can go there for
breakfast and lunch without a
reservation
but for dinner you need a reservation
and it seats probably about well there's
probably 25 tables of four in there
easily enough so it's sort of a
semicircular the jacuzzis in the middle
is actually cold it's not a hot tub type
of situation but really quite nice
and the storm clouds just pulled in it's
about six o'clock at night now but in
October this happens almost on a
timetable that it about five o'clock
with storms roll in for a couple of
hours so not too bad at all
okay so that's the deluxe room it's not
the junior deluxe it's the deluxe room
and of course your beverages are all
served to you there's a butler that will
come out and wait on you or on the pool
really quite nice